one of the mysteries of being a
middle-aged fully grown adult is
witnessing the extent to which people
are dishonest manipulative and sincere
all at the same time you're about to
hear Richard give a completely
paradoxical defense of this guy William
Burkhardt against allegations of rape
he's here saying that this guy could not
possibly have filmed women without their
consent because he always exclusively
and only uses a really big camera and
this person also claims that he films
sex without someone's consent that's
another lie William films with a big
DSLR camera and a tripod so that's
impossible so the audience is invited to
imagine that this guy William always
exclusively and only uses a large heavy
camera the large heavy camera you see on
screen right now so paradoxically we
have to ask Chief Richard if that's the
only camera he ever uses how can this
photograph exist because there's another
camera or perhaps a cell phone being
used to take this image of these two
women half-naked holding his large heavy
expensive camera this person also claims
that he films sex without someone's
consent that's another lie William films
with a big DSLR camera and a tripod so
that's impossible they know they're
being filmed the fact that he sometimes
uses a large heavy expensive camera on a
tripod doesn't mean he always and only
uses it he doesn't take a vow to only
use this one camera and let's face it if
you're not living in dire poverty in the
21st century you probably own many
different devices with small cameras
whether it's a telephone or a laptop
computer there's no reason to think he'd
be incapable of using a concealed camera
hidden camera or eight let's keep it
real
no reason to think he wouldn't be
capable of spontaneously whipping out
his cellphone to film a sexual encounter
that might be just as spontaneous as
getting busy in a Burger King bathroom
that's got busy and a Burger King
bathroom here's a comment from Mark
Gerber I don't know who this is it's
just someone commenting on YouTube pity
you didn't apply the same logic and
burdens of proof when you accused Hurley
of rape Richard where there were also
many inconsistencies in the rape story
no objective evidence supporting the
rape and a lot of objective evidence
supporting a released version of events
hypocrite now he's actually a hypocrite
for a completely different reason you
may or may not until that vegan gains is
one of the people who Crusades against
virtue signaling Richard you were virtue
signaling on this issue in the truest
sense of the term you were making a
signal of your virtue by showing off the
fact that you quote-unquote stood up for
Hannah Chloe look you clearly don't know
who the hell I am
durianrider raped a woman named Hannah
Chloe and I made a series of videos
supporting her unfortunately I did have
to take those videos down after a few
months because her rapist actually
threatened me to get my channel deleted
by falsely claiming these three videos
so I did delete those videos but you can
talk to Hannah Chloe and I supported her
like I believed her when she claims she
was raped by that guy durianrider
now there's a lot more to say about
Hannah Chloe and why it is that her
claims were not credible or were
actually discredited this is a quotation
from Hannah Chloe the second sentence if
you go to the top the second sentence
explicitly says that she was not raped
this is not in fact the only public
statement she made expressly declaring
the during writer never raped her that
nothing improper happened quote I have
only made one statement publicly since
my video that statement said that I had
not accused him of rape
because he hadn't raped me which is not
the same as saying that I had sex with
him period close quote
in the legal documents in the document
sent to the authorities sorry I
shouldn't you say legal document some of
these are emails sent to the police
emails sent to the embassy their
communications with the authorities
she's saying the same thing to them that
she said to me which I assume is the
truth she said during Ryder is
complaining that I've accused him of
rape and in reality I never made that
accusation look real close at the text
here on screen that's underlined in red
her main point at this juncture is that
she's offended that durianrider would
dare to say that she called him a rapist
in their original call for donations to
support their court case and at that
time both publicly and privately Hannah
Chloe's only claim was of defamation
okay defamation and basically the
emotional impact of durianrider
cyberbullying her saying mean things
about her on the Internet
how can you possibly stand up in court
and see that you had a defamation
complaint because you were offended that
your rapist said that you called him a
rapist and now you are calling him a
rapist the basis of her complaint is
first underlying he claims that I have
called him a rapist okay she also says
that she's offended that he says that
they had adult consensual sex but
there's no statement here look further
down on the page from 1:30 1 to 2
minutes he continues to say that I have
accused him of raping me and he uses
that to ask the public if my subsequent
behavior is what someone who had been
raped would do okay but you're not
making a case of this completely
undermines your claim that you actually
were raped and the lawyer would have to
ask you well what did you suddenly have
amnesia
why is your story changing between the
10th and the 24th when you
go to Thailand versus New Zealand versus
Australia indeed in even the contrasting
what she said to me what she said too
freely what she said on YouTube there
are so many contradictions and guys real
quick here's another where she's saying
exactly the same things that she said at
the start of the case
she's gone back to the same story she
used way back when she started the
fundraiser but this is January of 2017
and inexplicably she has even more M
nisha than before she just says that she
has videos and screenshots of hate
speech blackmail and death threats
well why why did rape or sexual assault
disappear here Hanna guys this would
never stand up in court simply put you
have no case can you imagine a lawyer in
the courtroom putting up an email like
this on screen saying okay this is your
follow up email after your meeting with
members of the New Zealand embassy to
Thailand I don't know if that was by
Skype or what what kind of meeting this
was okay gee you seem to have amnesia
this is August 2016 you seem to have
forgotten that you were sexually
assaulted or raped the whole emphasis of
this email is about you clearing your
name that you never insinuated did he
ever
what is the basis of the defamation
charge he said he had sex with you
you're not denying that you've had
consensual sex you are denying that he
raped you we have legal documents and
the lawyer just has to stand there and
say well were you lying before were you
lying after richard has no interest in
this he writes back and says Hanna
provided proof and she was clearly
telling the truth hardly made up many
lies including the audio recording of
them having consensual sex mark burber
writes back please point me to the
so-called proof as I have watched or
vegans propaganda piece in detail
and besides weak testimony there's no
evidence she was rape on the contrary
there is a significant amount of
evidence that her story was fabricated
and admitted differently the sex was
consensual handed commenting under her
first video that she wasn't raped
friendly emails from Haneda heartily
shortly after their encounter there's a
lot more than that I mean this guy's
just trying to somewhere as it briefly
and the YouTube video this links to is
on
Harley's channels but it actually
contains many segments of myself talking
in a kind of remix you have to believe
me
in Australia self you can ask awesome
and this big lot really I wouldn't
consider the close friends the moment or
ever in racing yeah but you go take a
hat off tool for them you know to freely
is the queen of her Sates she's the
queen of sites I'll show you some capris
or six minutes because you're hearing
down ah screaming if in doubt ask cause
I'm stewing doubts ask Montana how come
there's no police report at all I can
understand like okay you know English
isn't your first language maybe you have
trouble articulating a few things but
this explanation still doesn't make any
sense for why you changed your word
choice around
so here's Richard finding fault and a
relatively trivial matter of word choice
from this eighteen-year-old girl on
Instagram complaining about her horrible
experience with this guy William well
gee Richard that's certainly a contrast
to have you completely dismiss not minor
differences in word choice but Hannah
Chloe expressly stating that she never
was raped
not just in public statements not just
in emails sent to myself conversation
show with myself and freely but she even
states this in the emails she sent to
the authority where she is not reporting
that she was raped but where she wrote
to the authorities stating explicitly
that she never was raped that she was
offended by the suggestion that this had
anything to do with rape and where she
complains that she did consent to have
him sex but that she did not consent to
be recorded whether that was an art
audio recording or video recording we
don't know but at the suggested
possibility that hardly had a recording
of this she complained I did not consent
to that clearly indicating that she did
consent to having sex and as I say here
you are Richard trying to fabricate an
excuse because of a difference in
wording in this young woman's complaint
between using the word rape
using the word sexual assault well it's
not a minor difference of wording in
Hannah's case we have long the coherent
written statements from her in which
she's claiming there was no rape at all
and then much much later we have her
conveniently changing her mind and if
you go through the timeline in fact she
changes her mind
back again Richard you are a person of
absolutely zero integrity thank you for
all of the public statements you've made
on YouTube and also these insulting
emails you sent me about the size of my
penis
I really do benefit the more people we
have on the internet talking about the
size of my penis advertising that that's
that's great that really helps in my
youtube channel man
[Music]